Added a section on "Developing and Testing Webhooks" in existing page (#7456)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks.mdx

- [Comments](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/comments/)

- [Errors](/product/integrations/integration-platform/webhooks/errors/)

## Developing and Testing Webhooks

> If you are new to working with Sentry webhooks and wish to test the configuration and examine webhook payloads, you can utilize HTTP catch-all services. [Beeceptor](https://beeceptor.com/) is an example of such a free service, offering a designated URL where you can receive HTTP payloads and subsequently inspect the JSON payload of the event. This feature proves valuable for gaining insights and gathering relevant information prior to commencing your development process.
> 
> Once you have reviewed payloads for the relevant event types, you can start the development of your service. Local tunnels are particularly useful for testing and debugging webhooks in a local environment before deploying them to a production server. By creating a tunnel, you can receive incoming webhook requests from Sentry to your local machine, eliminating the need for publicly accessible server development. This facilitates faster iteration and debugging, as you can directly observe and analyze the webhook payloads in your local development environment. You can use tools like [Beeceptor](https://beeceptor.com/) or [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/), specify the desired application port or address (e.g. 3000 or 8080) to be tunneled, and it will provide you with a temporary public URL that forwards requests to your local server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’d like to test webhook configuration and look at payloads before starting development, an HTTP catch-all service that provides a designated URL where you can receive HTTP payloads and inspect the JSON event payload can come in handy. After you’ve reviewed the relevant event payloads, you can begin development. 

To make testing and debugging webhooks faster and easier, you can create local tunnels to get incoming webhook requests from Sentry to your local machine. There are various tools that let you pick a port or address (such as 3000 or 8080) to be tunneled, and then provide you with a temporary public URL that forwards requests to your local server.
```
